Update README with Tutor instructions; update outdated edx.rtd.io links (#1203)
openedx/frontend-app-account: README.rst

Environment Variables/Setup Notes
=================================

> This MFE is configured via environment variables supplied at build time.  All micro-frontends have a shared set of required environment
> variables, as documented in the `Configuration documentation`_.

Reviewer: While this repo does still have `.env` files with env vars that can be used for configuration, it's not the only way the MFE can be configured. I haven't PR'd `npm run dev` to this repo yet (I plan to! I had to add a line for it in [my React 18 header testing PR](https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-account/pull/1214/)), but with that pattern runtime config is used.

I think updating this to be more general might make sense.

```suggestion
This MFE is configured via the ``frontend-platform`` configuration module. For more information on MFE configuration see the `Configuration documentation`_.
```
